we've been doing this for years now
right
you know and the predictions have all
been right you know all the prediction
Dimension media are wrong
by this time in City Bank I was famous
you know what I mean
so
if you create no assistance for good
people who know what they're doing to
challenge
the rich privileged Elite who control
the narrative
then what could you cannot be surprised
if you get a broken economy that rewards
this idiotic Elite
you know why would anything else happen
so I think
really the problem is more than the
conservative government you know
the problem is a problem with
economics globally is massively broken
it's dominated by Rich idiots there's no
system for smart Pockets to challenge
them there's a massive incentive for
smartphone kids to stay out of it
entirely
and then in the end what you get is
University speaking teaching nonsense I
can't explain to you how bad the
education was Oxford